How did this kid survive until now?
Race adult
I take my son to apologize to you.
He doesn't know the importance
Please spare my son's life
His Excellency the Governor
I, Phoenix Yuan, am willing to kneel for Ye Huan
Cut it for the sake of rich family's face and spare the leaf ring side
Oops, kneel down in clothes
Deceive you and be humiliated
Wildflower
Unfaithful, unfilial, heartless, unjust
This world
Who is it, man?
It's ridiculous to be a fan of yours.
This guy is rotten to the bone
Even if he is born again
It should still disappear
I'm here today.
Just for my family
My love is no longer wronged in the slightest
I said I would protect him
Even if the Jade Emperor comes
Can't touch a hair on them
This is the mission of comfort
So not enough
Heaven has a way, you don't go
Make enemies everywhere
I'll spread it to you.
Congenital perfection as a master
And above the grandmaster is the land fairy realm
Sprinkle beans into ice
Rise with the sky
So as long as I take down these people
You can cross the whole city
Hahahahahahahaha
The world flows
The sky fell
Wave sink
If you can defeat these major cities
Let alone a small banquet hall
Even in southern Xinjiang
Rampage
See him off from the great master
He's dying in a hurry
Greedy for so much internet
The cemetery finally broke through
Hunting gas four layers into the ground fairy walk
The humiliation I made in my previous life and this life
Give it all back today
It's you who are forcing
Then don't blame me for being rude.